do you know Jane Eyre where the wicked
go after death we go to hell and what is
hell
where are you rat still you will be tied
down pit for the fire should you like to
fall into this pit and be burned there
forever people think you are good
you're hard-hearted get out children I
exhort you to withhold the hand of
friendship to Jane Eyre
[Music]
[Applause]
this is a grand old house but it can
feel a little dreary mr. Rochester's
visits are always unexpected no gaze is
very direct Nyssa do you think me
handsome no sir you're afraid of me I'm
not afraid I was not asleep I know what
I saw
it must have been half dream of reality
transfixed me quite what am I to do them
do you really think I must have here for
my home here's a little acquainted with
meth keep her better distance miss
ingram's coming she's a great favorite
of this
[Music]
floating gently in the stream of life
unaware of the rocks ahead where you -
you to pieces do you think that because
I am poor obscure plain little the time
soulless and heartless
[Music]
everything seems unreal you saw most fun
- like a roll
J
you